Add note about SMS test failure after etcd restore (#1609)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/validate_csm_health.md

Additional test execution details can be found in `/opt/cray/tests/cmsdev.log`.

### 3.3 Known Issues

> If an Etcd restore has been performed on one of the `SMS` services (such as `BOS` or `CRUS`), the first Etcd pod that comes up after the restore will not have a `PVC` (Persistent Volume Claim) attached to it (until the pod is restarted).  The Etcd cluster is in a healthy state at this point but the SMS Health Checks will detect this, and you may see errors similar to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an Etcd restore has been performed on one of the `SMS` services (such as `BOS` or `CRUS`), the first Etcd pod that comes up after the restore will not have a `PVC` (Persistent Volume Claim)
attached to it (until the pod is restarted). The Etcd cluster is in a healthy state at this point, but the SMS Health Checks will detect the absence of the PVC and may report errors similar to:
```

Author: will break the line

```text
ERROR (run tag 1khv7-bos): persistentvolumeclaims "cray-bos-etcd-ncchqgnczg" not found
ERROR (run tag 1khv7-crus): persistentvolumeclaims "cray-crus-etcd-ffmszl7bvh" not found
```

> In this case, these errors can be ignored, or the pod with the same name as the `PVC` mentioned in the output can be restarted (as long as the other twe Etcd pods are healthy).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, these errors can be ignored, or the pod with the same name as the `PVC` mentioned in the output can be restarted (as long as the other two Etcd pods are healthy).
```

Author: good catch -- fixing
